It’s six o clock in the morning on the farm of Elton Woodside, near Clinton, Prince Edward Island.
The first round of chores is done and now it’s time for Elton to do his paper route
It’s no ordinary paper route, for he has to cover the entire Island province several times a week,
besides running a successful farm. He’s pilot, mechanic, and ground crew, all rolled up into one.
He even built his own hangar.
The dairy herd no longer pays any attention when he takes off from his field and flies over the neat maritime countryside to Charlottetown.
He’s there in a matter of minutes to meet the newspaper truck at the airport
Bundles of the latest issue come aboard his plane
bound for the outlying parts of the small island.
The papers must be well tied, for this is an air drop delivery service.
Boys and men hired by the newspaper are waiting at selected points to pick up the bundles and deliver the copies to the subscribers doors.
Rain or Shine, Woodside covers his route. Fishermen at the north end, Villagers at Hogg Island, Masqoosh and Port Hill get there morning papers not much later than the city people in Charlottetown.
Brookside is probably the champion hand bombardier in the world. At any rate, he always wins the prize at local air meets in open competition.
He can put package after package inside a twenty foot circle flying at 95 Miles an hour.
Besides delivering papers, his airplane is always available for mercy flights. He’s raced the stork to the hospital plenty of times and taken doctors to outlying patients.
Everybody on the island knows his plane, and he always has time to say hello or take a message free of charge.
When winter blocks the roads and there’s not much work around the farm, he’s practically a full time airline, doing charter passenger flights.
But this morning, the flying is over in an hour or two. by 8 o clock the papers are all delivered, and the aviator becomes a farmer once again.
With all that rush he didn’t forget to pick up a bag of fertilizer at the airport. After all, this is Prince Edward Island,
and there are potatoes to be looked after.